Create json.md (#2604)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/databases/active-active/develop/data-types/json.md

---
Title: JSON in Active-Active databases
linkTitle: JSON
description: Information about using JSON with an Active-Active database.
weight: $weight
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["RS"]
aliases: [
        /rs/references/developing-for-active-active/developing-json-active-active.md,
        /rs/references/developing-for-active-active/developing-json-active-active/,
        /rs/developing/crdbs/json/,
        /rs/databases/active-active/data-types/json-active-active.md,
        /rs/databases/active-active/data-types/json-active-active/,
        /rs/databases/active-active/develop/json.md,
        /rs/databases/active-active/develop/json/,
        /rs/databases/active-active/develop/data-types/json.md,
        /rs/databases/active-active/develop/data-types/json/

]
---

> ### Active-Active databases support JSON data structures.
> To learn about Redis conflict resolution for JSON (CRDT)
> read about developing for Active-Active databases with JSON data structure [here]({{< relref "/modules/redisjson/active-active.md" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Active-Active databases support JSON data structures.

To learn more about JSON in Active-Active databases, see [CRDT JSON command differences and conflict resolution rules]({{<relref "/modules/redisjson/active-active">}}).
```
